feat: update decomposition cheatsheet (#697)
feature-sliced/documentation: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/get-started/cheatsheet.mdx

---
# sidebar_position: 3
---

# Decomposition cheatsheet

Use this as a quick reference when you're deciding how to decompose your UI. PDF versions are also available below, so you can print it out and keep one under your pillow.

## Decomposition by necessity {#decomposition-by-necessity}
It is a common mistake to assign separate slides to the part of the code that is not reused anywhere.
This mistake creates several problems at once:
- The codebase becomes more disjointed, making the code harder to navigate.

> - A person reading your code, seeing that a slice is not part of the page, may begin to question whether they are breaking part of the display by changing that slice.

Reviewer: issue: it's not clear to me what "display" is

suggestion:
```suggestion
- A person reading your code, seeing that a slice is not part of the page, may begin to question whether this code is used somewhere else, and if they are breaking anything by changing it.
```

- This is a violation of basic principles such as [KISS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle) and [Occam's Razor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occam%27s_razor).

It can be avoided by following a simple rule: **"Parts of code that are not reused anywhere should be where they are used"**.

For example, we have a component that contains a block of information about a user. This component is only used on the profile page, so it should stay on the profile page.

> If you are sure that your slice will be used in more than one place, you can use the note below.

Reviewer: suggestion:
```suggestion
If you are sure that your slice will be used in more than one place, or you have another very good reason to decompose the code into the lower layers, you can use the note below.
```
